feat(docs): serverless document (#361)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/deployments/view_deployment.md

# Deployment Overview

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to view deployment information, obtain connection addresses, view port, etc.

Reviewer: connection addresses, view port -> connection address, view ports

:::: tabs type:card
::: tab Serverless 
## View deployment information

> The Deployment overview page provides access to the status and connectivity information.

Reviewer: connectivity -> connection

![overview](./_assets/serverless_overview.png)

> - Status: The deployment running status and creation time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Status: Deployment running status and creation time.
```

> - Number of sessions: Concurrent sessions and maximum number of sessions, during Beta, the maximum is 100.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Number of sessions: Concurrent sessions and maximum number of sessions, a maximum of 100 sessions are supported in the Beta version.
```
